So this video we're going to have the last piece to finish this log in screen.
And right now it is looking great.
But when I click it on functions and I'm going to show you something.
If you click here on these Karina's Barlow where you your country here.
This will take you to the Word Press that that our Web site it will be a good idea to click here and
take you to the to the home of the store or the Kamo of your website.
So we're going to have a function function Catalina's back.
Really.
Oregon or something like that.
And we're other action.
This is called unsnarl that actually is a feeder because what we see and what don't actually is something
that already exist.
So I'm not learning on their score share your read copy and paste these
and we're going to change your read from WordPress that ought to read to them.
They call them your rants to the core and you are an officer of the website that we're building Rigaud
these.
Let's make that as when I click on the low and then you can see it takes me to the bottom of the screen.
So or a screen is looking great.
This is one of them.
So the screen is looking great.
Clients love when you make something like these changing the screen to something like this gives the
client the feeling of something that is specifically done for them.
So you can see it's looking great and the code was really easy to create.